---
id: "2024-01-01"
aliases:
  - Journal
tags:
  - journal,
  - daily
date: "2024-01-01"
---

# Journal

## Ratings (out of 5)
### Physical Health:    ⭑ ⭑ ⭑ ⭑ 
### Mental Health:      ⭑ ⭑ ⭑ 
### Emotional Health:   ⭑ ⭑ ⭑ ⭑ 
### Overall:            ⭑ ⭑ ⭑ ⭑ 

## Questions
### Explain your ratings.
#### Physical Health
Even though I slept at 5am last night, I was still able to get some good sleep,
especially with waking up at 1:30pm. I felt pretty good throughout the day as it
passed, so I think that it was overall a good thing. I'm pretty tired right now
(11pm) but that's normal.

#### Mental Health
We went to see A-Gong today at Rose Hills. It was really nice to see him, and I
didn't realize how emotional I would get just looking at his grave. It was kind
of crazy how fast I teared up, and it was really close to becoming a whole sob
session if I wasn't with my family, I literally had to turn around and look away
from the grave because it was too much for me. I miss you A-Gong, it's been 12
years now (December 12 2011). I'm currently listening to the song we played at
his funeral (I Will Always Love You - Whitney Houston). It's cathartic.

#### Emotional Health
I'm still recovering from the overwhelming quarter I just got off of, and the
disappointment of a holiday season I just went through because of family drama.
But overall today didn't add anything to my emotional stress so I think it was a
success!

### Today..
#### In one word: 

#### Was good because

#### Could've been better if

### Takeaways: Most...
#### Memorable thing

#### Important thing

#### Valuable thing

### Growth in..
#### Relationships

#### Career

### I am grateful for..

## Goals
### Physical Health
#### Tomorrow I will..

#### This week I will..

### Mental Health
#### Tomorrow I will..

#### This week I will..

### Emotional Health
#### Tomorrow I will..

#### This week I will..

